Link to Narwhal docs throughout Learn section and in FAQ (#3765)
MystenLabs/sui: doc/src/learn/how-sui-works.md

This section is written for a technical audience wishing to gain more insight about how Sui achieves its main performance and security objectives.

> Sui assumes the typical blockchain transaction is a user-to-user transfer or asset manipulation and optimizes for that scenario. As a result, Sui distinguishes between two types of assets (i) owned objects that can only be modified by its specific owner, and (ii) shared objects that have no specific owners and can be modified by more than one user. This distinction allows a design that forgoes [consensus](architecture/consensus.md) for simple transactions involving only owned objects to achieve very low latency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sui assumes the typical blockchain transaction is a user-to-user transfer or asset manipulation and optimizes for that scenario. As a result, Sui distinguishes between two types of assets (i) owned objects that can be modified only by their specific owner, and (ii) shared objects that have no specific owners and can be modified by more than one user. This distinction allows for a design that achieves very low latency by forgoing [consensus](architecture/consensus.md) for simple transactions involving only owned objects.
```

Author: Thanks, Randall. Great edits!
